#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
backoff==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
bcrypt==4.1.1
    # via paramiko
boto3==1.33.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   prefect
botocore==1.33.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
ciso8601==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   prefect
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   prefect
croniter==2.0.1
    # via prefect
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via
    #   paramiko
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
dask==2023.3.1
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   prefect
distributed==2023.3.1
    # via prefect
docker==7.0.0
    # via prefect
edx-opaque-keys==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
filelock==3.13.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
fsspec==2023.12.1
    # via dask
google-api-core[grpc]==2.15.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.25.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   prefect
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.37.0
    # via prefect
google-cloud-bigquery==3.13.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   prefect
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.11.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-secret-manager==2.17.0
    # via prefect
google-cloud-storage==2.13.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   prefect
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.6.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.62.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via prefect
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.13.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
grpcio==1.60.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.60.0
    # via google-api-core
hvac==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
importlib-metadata==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
importlib-resources==6.1.1
    # via prefect
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via distributed
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.20.1
    # via
    #   marshmallow-oneofschema
    #   prefect
marshmallow-oneofschema==3.0.1
    # via prefect
msgpack==1.0.7
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   prefect
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via prefect
mysql-connector-python==8.0.21
    # via -r requirements/base.in
numpy==1.24.4
    # via shapely
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   docker
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   marshmallow
    #   prefect
    #   snowflake-connector-python
paramiko==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
partd==1.4.1
    # via dask
pbr==6.0.0
    # via stevedore
pendulum==2.1.2
    # via prefect
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
prefect[aws,google,snowflake,viz]==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   prefect
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
protobuf==4.25.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   mysql-connector-python
    #   proto-plus
psutil==5.9.6
    # via distributed
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyopenssl==23.3.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
python-box==7.1.1
    # via prefect
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   croniter
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pendulum
    #   prefect
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via prefect
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   croniter
    #   prefect
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pytzdata==2020.1
    # via pendulum
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   prefect
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   hvac
    #   prefect
    #   snowflake-connector-python
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.8.2
    # via boto3
shapely==2.0.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
snowflake-connector-python==3.6.0
    # via prefect
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   snowflake-connector-python
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via edx-opaque-keys
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via prefect
tblib==3.0.0
    # via distributed
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via prefect
tomlkit==0.12.3
    # via snowflake-connector-python
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   partd
tornado==6.4
    # via distributed
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   snowflake-connector-python
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   distributed
    #   docker
    #   prefect
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
zict==3.0.0
    # via distributed
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
